Are you ready?
OK
Now I'm going to use the formation your grandfather gave me
I will send you back to the soul place of the Xuantian Snake Tribe
In the future you can be reincarnated
But grandpa is gone
Sister, you pay completely.
I do feel a little bit coerced
But now.
I've done it entirely voluntarily.
Little idiot let me tell you
Actually I
Is from one and here
A different world
And I was a very, very ordinary person there.
mundane work
Ordinary life
Ordinary every day
I'm so ordinary
I'm so ordinary that no one can notice me
No one will care about me
Although I have only been here for three short years
But it's been so much better than the first half of my life.
I did want to go back before
Now think about that.
My World
In fact, it doesn't matter whether there is me or not
But if I could save your life
I believe it will be better.
At least you can save more people
The world needs you
Of course not.
Sister is a very good, very good, very good person
Sister will comfort fair
Protect whiteness
Care about whiteness
He will also teach Bai Hui what foreign language to say
3D integration
A cat and a dog family
Remember these fair ones?
So my sister is really, really important to me.
I care about my sister
Really really care
Sister, I don't want you to die
Wash you for nothing
You said it too
Are we family?
VIP family I am my sister
Sister wants to protect her family
Stop crying
It won't be beautiful if you cry again
We are fair
But what about the super amazing descendants of Nuwa?